Tella story: make it clear how this came to be
developer > apps > problem is x > why is it difficualt
make it very clear with what exists today
audience is not going to know a thing about marketing apps
(tabjoy, flurry, and others)

Start with me

stimulated this idea,

differentiate yourself

Seemed weaker: why would you start with Windows 8?
Why getting a foothold in Windows 8 allows you to translate more readily into iOS and Android

Where you cut and paste, what is nuget, easily find the snippet
(dont show the developer experience, once the developer does this
here is what the customer will see)

What is a unique that you can articulate in a pitch?

Clarify more then number of active users, 

Projections: more compelling. use metrics to drive assumption

Tough environment for a devleoper and leverage social as a viable channel. The alternatives
are not great.

this audience is a generalist audience. Talk to your 8 year old neice.

Get people's attention: make it crystal clear what your business is.

TELL A STORY
MAKE THIS GRANDIOUSE, aloow developers to benefit from lots of people using it
SIMPLIFIED everything to take the friction out
putting supply and demand together.

in the context of the big picture.

Square: just a distributor.

Developers can setup their own social marketing. Accelerating and expanding marketing for app developers.

Pitch: get peoples attention, have a little passion, millions are devleping, millions are using, small developers
create a context, make it sound important. 
Pictures and Diagrams > explain what it does and not how it works

More about the State of the Business.
 - Do you actually have a product in the market that works
 - Is anybody using it? is anybody paying for it?
 - Team: part time advisors. Tom Olbert.
 
 - Talk more about competition. better faster cheaper
 - Financial: what is your go to market?
 - Team: comfort that this is a real business
 10x 15x return
 
 17 mil is lower than average
 
 - defined business model, but others ones that are logical and reaosnable to get into
  instead of 17 mil it will be 117 mil
  
  play with with 12%
  never say it is conservative
  
